link to finished code pen: https://codepen.io/roberttierie/pen/WNwZNNq?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    html that gives meaning to markup
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    structure for website
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    edits or adds functionality to elements which arent working. added to a start tag 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    Header, perferably once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img and a.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    header
    7. What is an id? 
    used to specify html element id 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    1
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    1
    10. What is a class? 
    used to point to a class/es for an element
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    div, input, nav, body
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    more than one 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    used to describe what the image is if it doesnt load
    15. How do I reference an id?
    . before class name
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section = defines a section of documents, div is for styling purposes
    17. What is CSS used for?
    designing, ex. colors layout fonts 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    # 
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    id = #asdad and class = .Class; ID for specific elements and class for a grouping of similar things
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    . 
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .p Human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    the child is a secltor within a parent. If u want to edit something specific in a broad element 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    <a>
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    used in a selector to add a special effect to specified elements
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    capitalize, lowercase, uppercase
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    body? ctrl a?
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    <!--asdadasd-->
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm <file>, because rm -r would delete everything
    34. Why should I use version control? 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    after major changes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork
    add TL
    clone/copy link in gitbash
    git checkout
    add changes
    git commit say what u change
    push repo
    submit PR
    

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 